---
layout: post
title:  "Where is Guido"
date:   2019-12-02 20:47:08 +0100
categories: jekyll update
---

Jeudi 20 février s'était déroulé une compétition d'optimisation algorithmique "Google Hash Code".
Insalgo nous a accueilli à son hub, @matleg, @MrFlibble et moi-même (@cup_of_tea).

Cet article a pour but de retracer notre cheminement durant le concours, aussi bien que les impasses et les bonnes pistes.
En deuxième partie, on verra ensemble comment appliquer une méthode de programmation particulière (programmation entière) au problème, et si cela fonctionne.


BLABLABLA



# Programmation entière


{% highlight python %}
def print_hi(name)
  puts "Hi, #{name}"
end
print_hi('Tom')
#=> prints 'Hi, Tom' to STDOUT.
{% endhighlight %}







You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. You can rebuild the site in many different ways, but the most common way is to run `jekyll serve`, which launches a web server and auto-regenerates your site when a file is updated.

Jekyll requires blog post files to be named according to the following format:

`YEAR-MONTH-DAY-title.MARKUP`

Where `YEAR` is a four-digit number, `MONTH` and `DAY` are both two-digit numbers, and `MARKUP` is the file extension representing the format used in the file. After that, include the necessary front matter. Take a look at the source for this post to get an idea about how it works.

Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:

{% highlight ruby %}
def print_hi(name)
  puts "Hi, #{name}"
end
print_hi('Tom')
#=> prints 'Hi, Tom' to STDOUT.
{% endhighlight %}

Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll-docs] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll’s GitHub repo][jekyll-gh]. If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll Talk][jekyll-talk].

[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/
